# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?



what went well for me this week. punctuality, and learning. I didn't absorb nearly as much javascript information as was given to me. it is soooo much! 
just translating my thoughts on how to make something work into javascript is challenging, BUT i definitely 

what was shocking to me. is no matter how i felt monday-tuesday that i may not ever understand javascript, and even through thursday i was like.. this is it, 
this is too much for me to understand at this rate. my mind is tired. there is no way its gonna accept more knowledge right now lol. uhm shockingly thats 
right when my brain started to really translate my thoughts into javascript, my understanding grew enourmously as functions started to work.
tbh i have to SUPER break down how to translate in javascript, and i mean WORD BY WORD BY perrins, BY brackets = object, key = value key is stored in object
like for me to finally understand it. but yeah it feels rewarding to know hey maybe i can do this, and maybe i am on track in life and aligned with coding.
was having doubts in the first round ya know lol, but faith in just work ethic will get me through worked.
dude id count passing my checkpoint and doing my best everyday as a victory at this point. javascript didn't come naturally. it was hard work.